I"˜<blockquote>
  <p>‚ÄúThen again, for all we knew, there might have only ever been one. Illusionists are tricky that way.‚Äù</p>
</blockquote>

<p>Once she is removed, our puppets within the Church hierarchy can use their significant magical stockpiles and knowledge of Lundis to destroy Barin‚Äôs lot - but we must hurry, lest our friends in blue give them the edge.
And then Disparia. 
Up to go down. Down to go up. A beautiful mirror.
The basement must remain locked while I finish my work. I have left the key up top and devised all kinds of wards and protections. I just need time.
The others have fled the circle. They seek to reestablish Einan‚Äôs camp. Disguised as the Au‚Äôvanwa. It is a fair plan, and delightfully ironic, but unnecessary. It will not be long before I can unlock this mirror. I remain convinced that location is key. 
We have gone about it all wrong. Einan‚Äôs final spell was no tragedy. The spell didn‚Äôt fail; it worked as intended. Perhaps Malorn is no longer the only one.
The Raven King had a Queen, and it is said that she created the Dragons. What else is she siring with that empty mind? 
Provost Talen does not know what he is doing. They‚Äôre playing with ancient artifacts that they should leave in the hands of their betters. They are still thinking on the most basic of levels. 
What if the infection is not a curse at all - what if it is a gift? 
The Moon - a child, an egg, an eye - a promise? 
Malorn buried them to stop our future. His shortsightedness holds us back from The Light.
A heretical lie! If left to our own devices our mages would be ten times what they were. But we would still be nowhere near what the old ones were capable of. The proof is in Malorn‚Äôs solution: He could bury The Light, but he could not snuff it out. 
If Einan has truly crossed, would he hear our prayers? 
Marinal, Marinal - you are the only one. The Chessmaster knew he would need your power. The power of an Elder God. And with your blood in our veins‚Ä¶ We can correct the mistake. Take their place.</p>
:ET